find the recipes 750 grams with
samsung you will see very simple
follow us it can not miss it's good
so we start with perfect month the
size with the socket I broke it said
in a bowl we three can
put 2 e yellow where we put three
hours at the foot that it works very well
like that you never know what to do
whites not every day the
macaroons we start to bleach mix
we will put the famous past of
nutmeg and there are these areas there it is
super important
hop hop hop salt crac stalking the
pepper mix everything to melt the 5
December
there you have all the nutmeg scents
who come back this is going to be like that and the
seagull the idea that a woman like that if
you're dieting you put that
first prices of milk but with cream
much more here it is greedy a
death to gourmands it is unctuous it is
pretty and colorful
now the agathois is mine then
me meanwhile the little one
beautiful pie move we go
then add tomatoes
confit tomatoes very quickly we go
just the six names one is thin has
quickly to small slices in the
precooked dough in support of the dough
while the white lead 170 ° a paper
greaseproof on it and there about thirty
minutes to really have a pre
very important attacked cooking
alas the old-fashioned mustard with the
color grains small side to 6 with
logistics makes the skylight but the
quoted it brings freshness there then
small onion compote so everything
simple onions finely chopped a small
little butter and we cook everything
slowly very complicated
go we split then wanted to clean
confite now we will do
be careful not to make the bed of
mustard
then we divide the small tomatoes
that I come to deceive to add the tuna
at natural or a turn at eight months I
am a little less greedy have their is
gone well at the bottom of plate nickel
that's rotting thick as they
it's a pie that sleeps in maths
greedy dealer and his baffles
okay and we'll add
the camera with a socket asia at
Center bothers pals who went all
alone on the sides go me I'm going
finish his nice run of grated cheese
above important then I'm finishing
with a little more fresh complexion
I would be super good cooking christophe
then 170 ° 30 35 minutes it takes
they are well gilded especially good
then you showed us all the secrets
from the quiche to the house tones and you
have the pre cooked pie and cooked is
really very important in the recipe
years old now